Add throttling / rate limiting to v1 docs (#105)
cds-snc/forms-api: docs/_pages/en/monitoring.md

| <code>401</code>        |   <code>Access token has expired</code>   | Access token has expired |
| <code>403</code>   |  <code>Forbidden</code>   | Could not validate access token OR "Form ID" in request is not allowed to be accessed with the provided access token. |
| <code>404</code> |  <code>Not found</code>   | Invalid request URL. |

> | <code>429</code> |  <code>Too many requests</code>   | The limit is 500 requests per 60 seconds. Wait and try again or request a higher limit. |

Reviewer: Instead of specifying the limit here we could just refer to the API rate limit section. This way when we have to modify the rates we do it in just one place that becomes the single source of truth.

| <code>500</code> |  <code>Internal server error</code>   | Internal error while serving request. |

#### Reporting errors and feedback
We expect there may be some additional features needed to get the data to target systems successfully. If you encounter an error, please submit a [technical support ticket](https://forms-formulaires.alpha.canada.ca/en/support) and we'll work with you to resolve the issue. Don't hesitate to include any feedback on the implementation so far — what works and what doesn't. Your feedback helps shape the product directly by informing our decisions on what issues are most important.

### API rate limit

API throttling allows us to manage high API traffic and helps maintain the system’s stability. This helps avoid overloading situations where too many requests are processed simultaneously. 

The limit for API requests from one form is **500 requests per minute**. Should you happen to exceed the limit, you will get a <code>RateLimitError</code>. You may either wait and try again, or request a higher limit for your form. If you require an API request rate increase, [contact Support](https://forms-formulaires.alpha.canada.ca/en/support).

> You can see the **current limit of requests** in <code>X-RateLimit-Limit</code>, the number of **remaining requests** in <code>X-RateLimit-Remaining</code>, and the moment **when the limit will reset** in <code>X-RateLimit-Reset</code>.

Reviewer: We should tell them where to look for these information. They are part of the headers included in the API response.

We should also mention that when the limit has been reached there is an extra header key/value pair that will appear. `Retry-After` with a value in seconds that represent the time the client should wait before sending a new request.

Author: Excellent suggestion! Made a few commits with these changes.

> You can see the **current limit of requests** in <code>X-RateLimit-Limit</code>, the number of **remaining requests** in <code>X-RateLimit-Remaining</code>, and the moment **when the limit will reset** in <code>X-RateLimit-Reset</code>.

Author: ```suggestion
You can see additional information in the headers included as part of the API response: 
- <code>X-RateLimit-Limit</code>: the current limit of API requests for your form per 60 seconds
- <code>X-RateLimit-Remaining</code>: the number of remaining API requests within this 60 second
- <code>X-RateLimit-Reset</code>: the moment at which the limit will reset to the full limit amount
- <code>Retry-After</code>: the time in seconds to wait before sending another request to the API
```

### API rate limit

API throttling allows us to manage high API traffic and helps maintain the system’s stability. This helps avoid overloading situations where too many requests are processed simultaneously. 

The limit for API requests from one form is **500 requests per minute**. Should you happen to exceed the limit, you will get a <code>RateLimitError</code>. You may either wait and try again, or request a higher limit for your form. If you require an API request rate increase, [contact Support](https://forms-formulaires.alpha.canada.ca/en/support).

You can see additional information in the headers included as part of the API response: 
- <code>X-RateLimit-Limit</code>: the current limit of API requests for your form per 60 seconds

> - <code>X-RateLimit-Remaining</code>: the number of remaining API requests within this 60 second

Author: ```suggestion
- <code>X-RateLimit-Remaining</code>: the number of remaining API requests within this 60 second interval
```
